OK so let's add some styles.
So I'm going to go to styles and I'm going to go to teams.
You know I want to create a new one that is going to be just team right.
It's going to be team.
And when you add the style so I'm going to start with the team data wrapper.
I believe I call it like that.
Team data wrapper.
Yeah I did.
So going to make reference to that element is going to be a class.
So we do dart team data wrapper so we're going to use flex again for this you know because it's easier.
We're going to use flex.
It's going to be display flex OK.
So what is next.
We going to have a left and a side.
Of course on the left and right.
So going to make reference again to the same elements and again to call the DOT the left and then just
close it right the left is going to have a box sizing of borderer box and we can add some padding to
it.
So it's going to be panning and begin at 10 from top and bottom and 20 for the science that's at the
Stiles for the right one can say instead of left can you change it to.
Right.
So the right the right one is going to just grow.
You know this one is going to be kind of a with a fixed width with images inside with image inside.
And then the right one is going to stretch with the remaining space.
So we want to be flex grow and one so we can use box sizing and box sizing is going to be border box.
We're going to add a border left.
So it's going to be border and just left and the board the left is going to have one pixel solid and
hashtag benign.
Benign benign is a nice way.
OK.
We're going to add a padding and the padding is going to be zero pixels and then 20 pixels from the
side.
Right now looks nice but we need to trim this image.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and again to make reference to the left container and then
to the image that we have inside OK we can add a width of one hundred and fifty and 50 pixels something
small OK that's good looks nice you know still is still big.
So OK let's add some stylings to each one.
Now you can go right here at the bottom and just to make sure because you know we should be getting
this in a different way.
Oh that's why we're getting this container this big big container because the image on the Alattar it's
really really big.
That's why Letwin let's just keep moving forward.
Let's add some stylings to the H-1 stack.
We're going to say team data.
And I believe it was Team data wrapper.
Yep team data rubber have it right here.
And we're going to make reference to the H-1 and we can change just a color.
It's going to be hashed.
And then 6 the 60 60.
Again just a nice gray What else let's give some styling to this want you know the Squats are going
to be floating just kind of you know income comes.
So we're going to use flex for this to say team data and it going to access this quite OK.
So the squad is going to be this play and begin to do flex.
We want to flex direction.
So it's going to be flex direction.
And then just Roe and we need to flex.
Rap.
OK.
Now I need to make more changes.
What else.
We have the item I'm going to just trim the image for this because it's kind of annoying me.
I can say a team against Team data wrapper of course and the team data wrapper to access the squad just
like before.
Dot squad and we access the item and we get to access the EMG Takk and the EMG attack.
It's just going to have some slim
size.
Okay.
That's much better.
So I'm going to just display block of course and it's going to be margin to zero out all that's good.
So let's go and just keep moving with the squat.
So we would grab each item and we can just float him to make the items really small make me.
Let me just make the speaker Okay.
So I to make reference to Team data and squat and I'm going to access the item inside.
Right.
Let me just make this better.
Good.
So OK.
Inside each item begin to make it position relative.
And we're going to set a width of 25 percent so it's going to be 4 per.
Yeah that's good that's good.
That's the idea.
Four on each.
OK.
It's going to be overflow.
Hidden Rigaud padding of tiny pixels.
What's next it's going to be baulks sizing and just pour the box right.
You know looks nice.
OK.
What else.
We have the item we need to style the 8:04 inside.
So I'm going to make reference to item an opening close and I'm going to just select the 8 right inside
the page are going to make everything text align and center and then just color and we can put a nice
nice kind of a bluish color 0 0 6 B.V. 6
looks nice.
OK.
So what is next.
We have the image the style the notes right here inside.
So again pick up make reference to the item we're almost on.
I'm going to say Dot node and begin to select the font size to 14 pixels and then padding and padding
is going to be four pixels and then zero from the sides.
Right.
What else.
We have a span inside you know this one.
So ever again just select everything opening close and then just make reference to this pattern OK.
You begin to kind of make it bigger.
Kind of in a bold way bold style.
So I'm going to say font weight and it's going to be 600.
Using Rebozo.
So it's going to grab it from there.
All right.
So everything looks nice.
Let's see if that nothing's broken.
I love the page the slider.
It's working.
If I go to subscribe to us well you're getting the transitions if I go to start to us.
I'm going to say whatever Jamail to come for Antar.
Thank you.
And then goes away.
It works.
If I type whatever we get the are nice What else if I just click and Golden State is going to add the
boats and whatever.
More votes for next.
OK we get the fruiterer's.
Everything is going to go to teams.
We get the transitions and all the teams.
If I search for Celltex works next right.
If I read everything everything goes back to the original state.
If I click can Celtics we get the data right.
So it's working everything it's working just nice.
Remember you can go to get have and just clone the entire project everything the finished project is
going to be just right there so you can download it and inspect it.
If you have a problem building something it just let me know we just can check to get half and just
match the differences.
OK.
So this is good.
We're done with this.
Let's go to the next section and start with redux.
That one is going to be really nice.
It's going to be again just long because relax it's hard to understand at the beginning.
But once you get it it just works like a charm.
There is no more just component will and then just creating the effect right there.
We're going to do it on a different way and use something better for this.